---
id: understanding-agents
title: 상담원 유형 이해 가이드
sidebar_label: 상담원 유형 이해 가이드
---

<div className="subtitle">
  이 문서는 Freshservice에서 상담원의 유형과 특징을 이해하는 가이드입니다.
</div>

## 개요

 Note: Applicable only for accounts in which workspaces have been enabled.     Click here for the account admin guide to managing agents and granting permissions.     Admins managing the service desk can define permissions for different roles and ensure agents have access to data and configurations needed to perform their roles.     Admins can create two types of roles:      Admin roles - Permissions needed to modify configurations within the admin section.     Agent roles - Permissions needed to run everyday service desk operations across modules like tickets, problems, changes etc.,     Built-in roles:   Freshservice is set up with default roles that help admins save the time and hassle of defining permissions and responsibilities pertaining to each role.     Built-in Admin roles:       Account Admin: If granted account-wide, the account admin has complete admin control over the service desk, including access to the account or billing-related information  Account admins have the privilege of creating/managing/deleting a workspace; they also have:     Complete access over their accounts’ admin settings (including plans, billing, managing account details etc.)     No access to data within a workspace unless explicitly given permission to access it via agent roles    Default access to the admin settings of any workspace that is added to their account    No access to restricted workspaces        Workspace Admin: Can configure all features through the Admin tab but is restricted from viewing Account or Billing related information      Note: This is a role that is added during the creation of a workspace. Adding an agent as a ‘Workspace admin’ will assign the below two roles by default:    Workspace admin role: that has all admin privileges    IT supervisor role: that has all data privileges          Built-in Agent roles:       IT Supervisors: Can perform all non-admin actions     Business Supervisors: Can work on Tickets, Projects, Solutions, and Announcements. Can view and manage reports     IT Agents: Can perform all non-admin actions except reporting     Business Agents: Can work on Tickets, Projects, Solutions, and Announcements. Cannot view reports     Problem Manager: Can view and respond to tickets and problems and modify their properties.     Change Manager: Can view and respond to tickets and changes and modify their properties.     Release Manager: Can view and respond to tickets and releases and modify their properties.     Configuration manager: Can access the CMDB to manage configuration items and manage tickets, problems, changes and releases.     Contract manager: Can perform all agent-related activities, view problems, change and have full access to the Contract module     IT Ops Agent: Can perform all agent-related activities, can view and manage alerts     Project Manager: Can view, create and manage projects     Project Member: Can view and work on projects     Procurement Manager: Can perform all agent-related activities and perform all activities on Purchase Order     Custom roles:        Navigate to Admin -> Global settings -> Roles and click on New Role.            Choose between an admin role or an agent role, and enter a name and description for the role.      Select the appropriate privileges under Tickets, Problems, Changes, Releases, Assets, Announcements, Solutions, and Reports for the agent role or under Administration for the Admin role.          Once you're done, click Save.      Custom roles can be created for the following modules: If you need to restrict an agent's actions, you can create a custom role based on the below module level and select only the respective permissions.  Tickets, Problems, Changes, Releases, Alerts, Inventory, Contracts, Purchase Orders, Onboarding requests, Offboarding requests, Projects, Workload, and Announcements.     Faq:     1. How can I grant other agents permission to create categories and folders in the Knowledge Base?      By default, the Account Admin and any custom Admin roles include this permission. To create a custom role, go to Global Settings / Admin > Roles > Create a New Role. Make sure the option to create categories and folders in the Knowledge Base is checked, along with any other necessary permissions for your use case. Then, assign the role to the respective Agent by navigating to Global Settings / Admin > Agents > under permissions.  
